I
good evening ladies and gentlemen this
is cat made I'm here tonight discern the
trek if not an invitation to mr. bender
Affleck to seem to be Batman I have
groped the bad ones before I shall do it
again we'll probably wondering when a
challenge such a burn he seems to be the
only thing that stands between me my
army of mindless drone kittens taken got
summoned by a head into the ground it
would be a battle of epic proportions we
go now live to the talk to the defected
disgraced back hello mr. Wayne Harvey oh
my god Harvey never did can we just go
mr. Wayne it is your services of feline
Nicholas Payton Kurt paid questions mr.
Wayne what do you think of mr. Affleck
and the more it has been said before him
this room doctor he deserves the wood
vs ok mr. anything more designed I'm
tired hockey pants are you see I said
like them saying I look forward to
hearing your reply mr. Affleck as I said
I built about before you were here to
just practice from our farewell as we
discern
you